= USING THE WEB GUI:

Load the entry page in your brower.  Log in as the admin user you 
configured during installation.  Click on on the 'All Pools' link on
the right sidebar.  Create a new pool and fill in the information.
Each time you save this form, a new blank payouts line will be added
so that you can configure as many payouts as you desire.

After the basic pool configuration is set up, click on the 'Teams'
link in the right sidebar.  You are presented with four region
brackets to fill in.  Keep in mind that the pink region champs will
play each other in the final four and the light blue region champs
will play each other in the final four so you can get the bracket 
right.  The web application is preconfigured with over 300 NCAA
schools.  The team name fields are auto-complete fields -- type in
a few letters and pause and you will be presented with a list of
matching teams.  The Short Name field should be a three letter
abbreviation for the team.  The abbreviations have to be unique
across the entire tournament field.

Once the teams are configured, go back to the pool basic information
form, click the Active check box and save the form.  The pool is now
ready for entries to be added to it.  Invite your friends to join the pool
by giving them the url for the entry page.  They will be asked to
register.  After registering and logging in, they will be able to
submit entries to your pool.

As the tournament progresses, use the 'Tournament Bracket' link
on the right sidebar to record the winning teams.  

Use the report links to run reports, etc.

== POSSIBILITY REPORT

After about 21 teams are left in the tournament, you can run the
possibility report.  This report runs through every possible way the
tournament can come out and ranks each entry against the possiblity.
The report lists the "chance to win" for each entry.  The chance
to win is the percentage of possible outcomes that would result in
that entry coming in first.

The possibility report requires that a rake task be run on the
web server.  It is very processor intensive and can take a long
time to complete.  To generate the possibility report data file,
run the following command from the web gui install directory
on the server:

   RAILS_ENV=production rake report:possibilities
